Blue ruin a second problem regarding dining, reprogramming and allergies kind of approach it.
So it's called conjugative.
Subsequent is enough problems.
Don't worry, it's not F for everyone.
It's for the treatment.
It's not that hard, but I'll use it as I always use this problem as an education to.
So you I give an integer of landing very simple and you have to choose some subsequent of this area
of maximum length elegance.
So sorry it's at least right now is longest subsequent state of maximum land.
So there the subsequent forms are increasing sequence of consecutive number.
It basically it forms an increasing sequence of consecutive integers.
Basically it is analogous, but at least with consecutive integers they basically turn out to be one
three, five, seven, nine.
It should be one, two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine or 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17.
They should be increasing and they should be counted.
Consecutive, as the name suggests.
In other words, the regrets sequence should be equal to XD for some for a length of date, for some
value eggs and key.
Subsequent of an error can be obtained by reading some possibly zero element from the.
You can erase any element not necessarily going to successively.
Well.
So this is just a definition of a subsequent that we have all we already know they have the power and
subsequent is and one is an empty subsequent.
It.
MARTIN But this problem is very easy.
If you pause the video and try your cell phones, it will be very easy for you to understand and solve
this because now we know how to formulate deep trade.
You know, what's the best ending for any element could.
You know, let's see the input and let's see when example output the first ingredients in and the second
line contains sildenafil per night.
So this is important.
The numbers are huge and on the first line print key, the maximum length of the subsequent for any
for the given area that forms an increasing sequence of consecutive indeed.
On the signal entering the sequence of indices to do the indices of any maximum let let's see this example
in this he says okay.
Yeah.
In this season's it is food that means two, three, five and six by two, three, five, six by not
two, three, four, five, six.
Because these are in.
So on the second in exam three on third index, I have four on fifth index I have five.
And on sixth index I have six.
So it is three, four, five, six.
Right.
Basically, I'm just printing the indices of those elements.
Oh, I just I hope the problem is very clear.
Its consecutive subsequent consecutive longest reading subsequent.
Well, let's see how to.
Approach this and some of you already know, right?
Some of you might it might have already clicked in your mind, like, how can I approach this problem?
What I've done is I've just taken an economic area of huge land and just just for exploration purposes,
instead of saying only what I used to say was instead of Yeah.
Earlier today, FFA wrote FFA.
I believe I means the best ending point Iot index.
But instead of saying index what you will see.
We will see.
Best ending.
Number.
This isn't boring.
Instead of saying you're next, I'm saying number eight.
But let's move forward in the dairy industry.
Let's say all of them are filled with zeros.
The best earnings for all of them are zeros.
Let me quickly fill it.
And I'm starting this way.
Now, what happens is let's.
At three eight towards the.
Maximum land sequence.
But this tree can have it can only one.
Now for this second tree, guys, this tell me was the best ending for this tree.
That means was the maximum length of a consecutive sequence that ends on this tree.
There can't be any rate.
That means the maximum earning of anyone.
The greatest against ancient three is one only.
Let's talk about four or four.
I can see the dome.
What is the best ending that this tree has?
It is one.
Why don't I use this tree and make a new western ending with four?
That's the whole that's the whole problem because for three, we saw that the best training this two
has to provide.
Is zero.
So the Treasury has violet in its answer.
Because it cannot be abandoned after two right now.
But here we can see that Ford has the best zero rating number.
It can take these three because they are consecutive eight.
Ford can come up to three.
No matter wherever the three was in the area.
But here in this area.
It's together, right?
So these are not the indices.
Just remember this.
These are the numbers.
So for food, what I have is I can have the best ending to be.
Because I'm using threes by standing +18.
Similarly, for seven where I live or seven, the best ending of six is zero.
Plus one will give me.
Eight or five the best ending of what is to go.
Similarly, the best ending of five should be three.
You can see it eight.
How is this three coming?
Because it's coming from four and which is coming from the pool of six.
The best ending is.
But because whatever the value of six is, whatever the value of five is, plus one will be the value
of six.
And similarly for eight, the best training will be loop because it can be appended up to seven.
What I have is the reconciliation that I can see here is that ffi is equals to f of a minus one plus
one imply.
It can't be anything simple than that.
But here the twist is that I is not the index Iot numbers.
And we know that the numbers are going to turn to the power.
Nine means they are huge.
That means I cannot take in any of this big land.
Eight of ten to the Boer.
Nine because it will give me a memory limit.
What I can do is I can use a map.
Very simple.
Just use a map and we can make the dip in that map itself.
Or the second we just compress these numbers because in the end.
Okay, let me let me just give you a quick example.
If you do understand this compression.
So let's have this activities three over.
Seven, five, six.
So we can see that it's sorted out now.
Okay.
So it's not ordinary.
Not what I can do is I can sort this out.
I'm just doing this for compression purposes.
Don't.
It's not very much related to the solution.
What I do is if I just give them numbers.
So what I can say is I can give 3 to 0 number four to be the number five three.
These are the respective numbers that I can give.
So even if the number is standard above nine, it will have some particular value, which is less than
10 to 280 power, which is the length of their.
Okay.
Forget this.
Let's not go into competition right now.
Because we can easily solve this using a map.
Let's try and go to this case in the next part.
And in the meanwhile, what you can do is you can try and see the how of what what will be the values
for this area, this area, and how those values will be changing.
But yeah, thank you.